Our project projected blue management, so we are going to create one platform based platform where
we would create for employee management system.
So I'm going to create one simple platform for that.
You can enhance it more.
But you know, sometimes you said, I'm going to do with some simple metric system with database Java
Spring Framework and how we can implement all the Java object oriented programming here in this.
So our framework is Java spin, which is basically my own framework.
And we are going to see how we can incorporate database with the Java Sea.
So labels and even further, I'm not going to use your aims of late concept to use your pure and I have
in concepts yet.
So we will learn that later.
So our project in.
He's employed, so let's see if we can create a world project was so.
This is my idea in there, Julia.
So I'm going to use this because I will tell you or hope we can set up our project first.
So let me change.
That is like.
So it will be more readable so you can change your color also happening to your performance, I'm going
with like and go to projects and see what projects.
You then see this project and you can create a new project because I haven't created anything low play
places.
I already created, but I didn't in she research prototypes to you.
Or you can branch you do this for GitHub.
You can open it on your new project here.
So will for some time what it will create a new project for me, so I will tell you what we are going
to do here.
So wait for something.
Once you're done with this, you will see this dialog box will be open and go to your Java Spring,
initialize it.
I am using
Java or intelligent for anything like that education booklets.
But if you are not using this, go to this website so where you are and you can see Sadat's putting
your tile in the web in your web.
I will tell you how we can proceed with that also and use the name for the.
So.
Let me give the name for the project.
Well, I'm giving the name of my MP so this so empty, so foods Java, then Marvin, then if you want
to change and change your mind package like through Basic Group, is you so package names as it is?
Artifact it your Java 16 and Java was not the only job he buys, it is its next.
So it will create your next choose the one we want you to stay, but wasn't currently happening.
Jenny, stay with us.
2.5 people, people.
Then I need spring boot.
This doodles then go to a school.
I'm going to use your my school.
So I'm adding my ice driver.
Secrets to any other user and spring data GPA.
Oh, well, if you want to add some people, so you can.
But I'm not adding because I will create that later.
So my suggestion is currently don't add anything, just add dependencies, bring my skill level driver
and bring that click finish here.
So it will take time and it will create a new spring for you.
So why are you creating a legacy?
I hope we can both.
I hope we can implement that.
I would see it so in places in improving Amy's delivery, web application for employment, even assisting
states of developing these products that we are then going to take a minute and just like this on understanding
different ways, what we are going to use here.
Then some other basic concepts or what is that thing called Java is going to work here and in between
then?
There are different also stages for database my school database, so we have what some call the web
interface, so I'm going to incorporate that in the database.
Everything I'm going to teach you.
So that's all in place.
Then application requirements, they're going to.
We should have some basic knowledge of a stream of web development tools.
I'm going to use your JDK 16 inside in spring initialize that you can use my school database if you
are not familiar with endangered values, any other platform for that purpose that is being ideal available
for listing development.
So I will show you how the spring initialize if you don't have that idea.
I will tell you how you can.
Go with this feature.
So go to your browser, search for this standard springboard, are you?
This is very helpful to create any project.
Then Sally, go to email, then Java doing two snapshots again, because these are not stable version,
then hit 2.5.
But we use the package name then 16 void and you're going to lose your ability.
Add dependencies from next.
So you can add spring boots, then add, as I told you, for this purpose we need, you can actively,
for instance.
So I forgot to add, I will add it later that team leave and everything on then.
I knew, knew, source or you can choose any other thing here, my school drivers and everything.
Once you're done with dependencies I told you he'd generate, you noted it will give you the easy way
or so you file or you can extract it and open it with your I.D. so that you can do this.
And this is our application requirements.
So for loading and then you hope we're getting the basic knowledge.
Jovicic is very easy thing you can do, actually, because the dollar I'm telling you, I'd consider
voting three visits when he's given GST and you can give him the speech of our Tin Machine D-Ariz geliyor.
And I mean, it's just a dollar.
So this basically allowed you to construct it.
So these are not only important, but important is a letter the spring initialize that he's working
on.
So I'm going to tell you how we are deployed on the server and everything like this very important disciplines
and Judy can use then dormitories and classes.
It's very useful for a neat team of integrating everything in his Java Business Insider classes, along
with a team of senators.
So consider really, for example, Oh God is an object and God is some boot sets.
We can go there, but it has.
Some are defaulting on its own like we are makers also like driving.
So you can consider class using object constructor or blueprint for the creating object.
So object is basically used to class or execute particular class, basically.
So object for the calling because of classes you job.
So submitters are declared in the classes it contains.
Call for particular functions like as a tool for drawing of card.
You need a code for driving a car?
Not really.
You are creating a simulation.
You need to create a code for driving a car.
So for that, you need a code.
That code is considering a well-functioning functioning referred to the methods in the other.
Some interesting things that are done values explicitly are some default attributes, such some things.
So these are the things as object classes are created to exist methods so you can use Object X display
towards.
That particular object for accessing Limitless also.
So this is all the intro I will tell you.
We are going to set up this thing and everything in later part.
But this Jake alert our of them.
So let me show you.
So it's currently permitting.
I'm doing everything in court so you can see already some additional things are added.
Let me add one more thing here, which is basically team leave for dependency.
So I really do hope we can add dependency.
It's very, very easy to in a job on my own project because we are having one.
Which is basically bombed our ex-militant yet, which is very easy.
And once you look out that part also.
You will understand that is very easy to.
So let me add one dependency, which is basically thinly.
So this is my getting started.
Just close this door in between.
You can see everything you're already it here.
Well, look 1.6 million rescue properties of our team.
Well, you can take here.
Some dependencies are already added my school and every team, so.
We're sticking them to indexing, and that stuff's.
So we on time when it's finished, as you can see, it's currently the network.
He.
So, Paul, let me tell you.
What is this the Davos framework for us because we already created a spring project and everything?
But what is the jealous spring framework?
So Java Spring is nothing but oh, you can.
They like in the late breaking free, which is new to most new with Black Stone.
It's contain some already established frameworks like J'espere Hibernate Everything, so you can select
that.
It's a framework of networks.
So all Mozart added in spring.
Now you can use the springform.
So that's a framework more or less.
You can delay that it isn't structured to find a solution of different kind of technical problems.
So when you are developing slowly, you will understand we are currently writing too many lines of orders
to finish deleting everything.
So in this, we are not going to use that techniques.
So I will tell you who we are going to use that.
It's basically contents of several modules like who are in this game.
In this basically with Marvin and everything already.
So now let me move to the IEEE part.
So these are my probably not as simple as you can see yet.
So.
You know, is this so you can see it, some dependencies are already at it.
But let me add, my cumulative dependency simply is nothing, but I just adding this dependency and
it will indexing that, but it will directly download that dependency for me.
Tim Live is nothing but for the thrombin part.
If you are using a new selection estimate, it will reportedly delete that part and it will vote for
you.
But regardless of that part, it is very well, beautiful thing because it's extremely small, pretty
far.
You can say or analyze thinly, basically.
So it will it will allow you to add some detailed settings in spring.
So it's good to add dependency for what you can directly add from.
That part also known it will analyze immune dependency for me, so you can see your moment and you meet
one warning, which is.
You don't.
So you can check your warning.
It's an upgrade, OK?
You can upgrade this.
No.
It should.
Not giving any.
Warning for me.
So, OK, so I am focusing on Bob Bombed-out example, because this is very basic thing you have to
choose because of deploying this project on anything like any sober local observer.
It will first responder explain it will check that that server side part will check that weather.
Already, all dependencies are added or not.
So that's for this or once this is done.
Ignore these all ignoring everything.
Ignore these things which are important ombudsman will do is that you can choose your different.
Folders like you can see here, different folders mean on.
And it's what you mean, oh, you can see two folders, Java and resources.
So resources is basically about application properties.
We are going to use the replication properties, but it will contain different data and you can contain
all the backend part.
So as you can see, one already thing is really here, which is basically minty.
Never, ever try to change this part.
Because if you are not interested in to change the development part or even initialization, but they
will change this part because it will automatically initialize your classes.
So what we are going to create in further videos or further tutorials, we are going to learn how we
can create some packages here, which is regarded to more sources than different things, sources or
services.
We are going to add.
So they are going to add a somewhat easier Java classes programs to create you, like create backend,
access the database and everything.
Hope you understand.
We will see further, more details about our project in next door to three.
Thank you.